session.screen0.tab.placement:           TopLeft
session.screen0.tab.width:               64
session.screen0.tabs.usePixmap:          true
session.screen0.tabs.maxOver:            false
session.screen0.tabs.intitlebar:         true

session.screen0.titlebar.left:           Minimize Maximize Close
session.screen0.titlebar.right:

session.screen0.menu.alpha:              255

session.screen0.toolbar.autoHide:        true
session.screen0.toolbar.tools:           clock, iconbar, systemtray
session.screen0.toolbar.widthPercent:    100
session.screen0.toolbar.placement:       TopCenter
session.screen0.toolbar.maxOver:         false
session.screen0.toolbar.alpha:           255
session.screen0.toolbar.onhead:          1
session.screen0.toolbar.visible:         true
session.screen0.toolbar.layer:           Dock
session.screen0.toolbar.height:          35

session.screen0.iconbar.iconWidth:       128
session.screen0.iconbar.usePixmap:       true
session.screen0.iconbar.iconTextPadding: 10
session.screen0.iconbar.alignment:       Relative
session.screen0.iconbar.mode:            {static groups} (workspace)

session.screen0.clientMenu.usePixmap:    true
session.screen0.window.focus.alpha:      255
session.screen0.window.unfocus.alpha:    255

session.screen0.slit.onhead:             0
session.screen0.slit.autoHide:           false
session.screen0.slit.alpha:              255
session.screen0.slit.acceptKdeDockapps:  true
session.screen0.slit.maxOver:            false
session.screen0.slit.layer:              Dock
session.screen0.slit.placement:          BottomRight

session.screen0.windowMenu:              ~/.fluxbox/windowmenu
session.screen0.rowPlacementDirection:   LeftToRight
session.screen0.allowRemoteActions:      false
session.screen0.showwindowposition:      false
session.screen0.clickRaises:             true
session.screen0.tabFocusModel:           ClickToTabFocus
session.screen0.edgeSnapThreshold:       10
session.screen0.workspaces:              1
session.screen0.workspaceNames:          Workspace 1,Workspace 2,Workspace 3,Workspace 4,
session.screen0.focusNewWindows:         true
session.screen0.colPlacementDirection:   TopToBottom
session.screen0.windowPlacement:         RowMinOverlapPlacement
session.screen0.menuDelay:               200
session.screen0.noFocusWhileTypingDelay: 0
session.screen0.opaqueMove:              true
session.screen0.demandsAttentionTimeout: 500
session.screen0.maxIgnoreIncrement:      true
session.screen0.fullMaximization:        false
session.screen0.tooltipDelay:            500
session.screen0.strftimeFormat:          %d %b, %a %02k:%M:%S
session.screen0.maxDisableMove:          false
session.screen0.defaultDeco:             NONE
session.screen0.maxDisableResize:        false
session.screen0.focusSameHead:           false
session.screen0.autoRaise:               true
session.screen0.focusModel:              ClickFocus
session.screen0.workspacewarping:        true
session.cacheMax:                        200
session.configVersion:                   13
session.ignoreBorder:                    false
session.menuFile:                        ~/.fluxbox/menu
session.keyFile:                         ~/.fluxbox/keys
session.autoRaiseDelay:                  250
session.doubleClickInterval:             250
session.forcePseudoTransparency:         false
session.colorsPerChannel:                4
session.tabsAttachArea:                  Window
session.styleFile:                       ~/.fluxbox/styles/Ambiance
session.cacheLife:                       5
session.slitlistFile:                    ~/.fluxbox/slitlist
session.tabPadding:                      0
session.appsFile:                        ~/.fluxbox/apps
session.styleOverlay:                    ~/.fluxbox/overlay
