! black for blackbox
! window.roundCorners:  TopLeft  TopRight BottomLeft BottomRight


! miscellaneous settings
style.name                           : akira
style.author                         : akira
style.date                           : 030819

toolbar                              : flat solid
toolbar.borderWith                   : 0
toolbar.color                        : #555566
toolbar.textColor                    : #ffffff
toolbar.justify                      : center

toolbar.label                        : flat solid
toolbar.label.color                  : #555566
toolbar.label.textColor              : #ffffff

toolbar.windowlabel                  : flat solid
toolbar.windowlabel.color            : #555566
toolbar.windowlabel.textColor        : #ffffff

toolbar.clock                        : flat solid
toolbar.clock.color                  : #555566
toolbar.clock.textColor              : #ffffff

toolbar.workspace                    : flat solid
toolbar.workspace.justify            : center
toolbar.workspace.color              : #555566
toolbar.workspace.textColor          : #ffffff

toolbar.iconbar.empty                : flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color          : #555566

toolbar.iconbar.focused              : flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.focused.justify      : left
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color        : #777788
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor    : #ffffff

toolbar.iconbar.unfocused            : flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.justify    : left
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color      : #555566
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor  : #ffffff


! menu settings...
menu.frame                           : flat solid
menu.frame.color                     : #555566
menu.frame.textColor                 : #ccccee
menu.frame.justify                   : right

menu.title                           : flat solid
menu.title.color                     : #ccccee
menu.title.textColor                 : #555566
menu.title.justify                   : center

menu.hilite                          : flat solid
menu.hilite.color                    : #ccccee
menu.hilite.textColor                : #555566

menu.bullet                          : square
menu.bullet.position                 : right
menu.frame.disablecolor              : #ffffff

! window settings...
window.button.focus                  : flat solid
window.button.focus.color            : #777788
window.button.focus.piccolor         : #ccccee

window.button.unfocus                : flat solid
window.button.unfocus.color          : #777777
window.button.unfocus.piccolor       : #aaaabb

window.grip.focus                    : flat solid
window.grip.focus.color              : #aaaabb

window.grip.unfocus                  : flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.color            : #9999aa

window.handle.focus                  : flat solid
window.handle.focus.color            : #aaaabb

window.handle.unfocus                : flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color          : #aaaabb

window.label.focus                   : flat solid
window.label.focus.color             : #777788
window.label.focus.textColor         : #ffffff
window.label.focus.justify           : left

window.justify                       : left
window.label.unfocus                 : flat solid
window.label.unfocus.color           : #555566
window.label.unfocus.textColor       : #ffffff

window.title.focus                   : flat solid
window.title.focus.color             : #777788

window.title.unfocus                 : flat solid
window.title.unfocus.color           : #555566

window.button.pressed                : flat solid
window.button.pressed.color          : #ccccee

slit                                 : flat solid
slit.color                           : #333344

*font                                : -artwiz-*
*handleWidth                         : 3
*borderColor                         : #555566

rootCommand                          : bsetroot -gradient verticalgradient -from '#9999aa' -to '#333344'

